docs(devServer): add type array for contentBasePublicPath option (#3674)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/dev-server.md

};
```

> T> In case when you have several micro applications which all have custom static folders, you can pass an array of strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide an array of strings in case you have multiple static folders set in  [`contentBase`](#devservercontentbase)
```
